there's nothing you should know about me
I specialize in a very specific type of
security subconscious security you
talking about dreams
mr. Cobb has a job offer he would like
to discuss with you we can't work
placement
not exactly and create the world of the
dream we bring the subject into that
dream and they fill it with their
secrets
then you break it and still it well it's
not strictly speaking legal
that's called inception
and this last job
feel real while room Zoe when we wake up
that we realize something's actually
strange
your responsibility they're not prepared
rest
added under control
I need to see how to control